[Autogenerated] Hi, everyone.
My name is Sarah Vaughan and Dan Tapani on Welcome to My code on
Modeling with AWS Machine Learning on an architect Working and
Travel Domain focused on middleware on cloud technologies When it
comes to machine learning, AWS Sage maker has been the industry leader,
offering many services that complements the entire lifecycle
from data preparation to model deployment.
In this course,
you will learn how to map a business problem to a machine learning problem,
understand convolution and recommend neural networks on the built in
algorithms offered by sage maker Pluralsight Sage Maker Notebook.
Instance download on prepare banking dataset that will
be used in the training process.
Create an estimator object on monitor the training run
in a sage maker console and finally, leverage sage makers automated,
hyper parameter tuning to determine optimal hyper parameter
values that feels the best performance metrics.
By the end of this course,
you will know all the features on benefits offered by AWS sage
maker and how to train you evaluate on tune mission learning
models before beginning this course,
you should be familiar with basic python and using Jupyter notebooks.
I hope you will join me on this journey to learn about developing models in AWS. Sage maker Been modeling with AWS Machine Learning Course at Pluralsight